Set maximum number of characters that can be used in RBAC names. (#6663)
wazuh/wazuh: CHANGELOG.md

- **API:**
  - `GET /agents/summary/os`, `GET /agents/summary/status` and `GET /overview/agents` will no longer consider `000` as an agent. ([#6574](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/6574))

>   - Modified the number of characters that can be used in RBAC users, roles, rules and policies names. ([#6657](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/issues/6657))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Increased to 64 the maximum number of characters that can be used in security users, roles, rules, and policies names. ([#6657](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/issues/6657))
```
